Acidic	
  Each turn converts a healing potion into acid, which causes you damage when collected
Alchemist
  Converts 2 tiles into something else each turn
Alpha
  Moves skulls to the tiles around himself each turn
Armoured
  Can only be damaged if you trace a path to one of the 3 squares above it. Therefore it cannot be damaged if it's in the topmost row. It can still be poisoned, however, regardless of the path traced
Assassin
  Damages your health for twice it's attack power each turn if he's in the bottom row. Since it will still attack normally, that means triple the usual damage!
Boss
  Like a regular skull, but has much higher stats
Brute
  Throws a regular skull at you each turn, killing that skull but damaging you by the health it had
Chaotic
  Jumps to a random position every turn, consuming the tile it lands on. May jump on regular skulls, killing them
Corrosive
  You cannot repair your armour while a corrosive monster in play
Devourer
  Starts with a countdown of 4 turns. Destroys a random upgrade you own when the countdown runs out, and resets the countdown
Doppelganger
  Matches your current defense value every turn. This means it is best to attack this enemy when you're low on defense points
Flaming
  Ignites all surrounding tiles. Matching burning tiles will damage you, and burning enemies are damaged each turn by this monster's attack value
Fleeing
  Moves up 1 tile each turn until it leaves the board from the top. Damages you by its attack value every time it's forced to move down
Freezing
  Freezes two random tiles each turn. Frozen tiles cannot be matched, and frozen enemies cannot attack (they can, however, still be matched!). Tiles unfreeze when the turn ends.
Golden
  Killing it before itss countdown runs out will net you about 40 coins worth of gold. Otherwise it disappears and gives no reward
Greasy
  Shifts all other skulls down one row each turn
Kamikaze
  Explodes after time runs out, causing half your health in damage. Explodes nearby tiles when killed
Invisible
  Has a very high defense value, but low health. Easily taken care of with poison
Mage
  Your skill cooldowns do not naturally recharge while the Mage is in play
Magnetic
  Moves swords and shields to the tiles around himself each turn. It seems to prefer moving shields first than swords
Meat Shield
  Other skulls cannot be damaged while the Meat Shield is alive. Any damage inflicted on other skulls will be applied to the Meat Shield instead.
Lich
  Transforms into a phylactery when killed. If the phylactery is not matched with coins before the next turn begins, it will turn into a new Lich
Overseer
  Each turn converts a sword into a skull
Poisonous
  Causes poison if attacks from other skulls hit you. Poison damage is applied each turn until you collect a health potion
Spiked
  You get dealt the same amount of damage as you deal to it, including overkill damage. So if the Spiked has 50 health and you kill him with 70 damage, you receive 70 damage back regardless
Thief
  Steals 2 coins tiles each turn, or gold from your inventory if there's no coin tiles in play
Trampling
  Breaks a random sword or shield each turn. Broken tiles do nothing when collected
Unstable
  Replaces all the tiles with new ones when the countdown runs out. The new tiles will not contain any skulls
Vampire
  Heals itself by its attack value every time it hits you
Vengeful
  Gains 1 attack each time you kill another enemy
