Use scrolls directly on tiles
  convert potions to explosive
  convert one type to another
Enemies destroy tiles or turn tiles into negative ones


Banish
  Banish kills a special monster on the screen, though it offers no reward.
Berserk
  Killing enemies this turn gives health equal to their attacks.
Big Game Hunter
  This skill will convert a random skull anywhere on the board to a random special skull.
Boost Armour
  Doubles all armor collected for a single turn.
Boost Damage
  Doubles all sword damage for a single turn.
Boost Gold
  Doubles all gold collected for a single turn.
Boost Health
  Double all potions collected for a single turn.
Counterattack
  All enemies will attack themselves the next turn.
Dazzle
  Converts all coins to swords.
Disarm
  Converts all skulls to swords.
Earthquake
  Randomly rearranges all tiles on the board.
Enchant
  Allows the player to instantly upgrade an item.
Exorcise
  Converts a random special skull to a normal skull.
Explosive Armour
  Damages every skull on the board equal to how many armour points you currently have. So if your armour is 13/20 the skill will cause 13 points of damage to all skulls.
Explosive Potion
  Turns all potions on the screen into exploding potions. Matched explosive potions destroy nearby tiles. These potions can be included in the same chain as health and mana potions. Explosive potions do not do any damage to special skulls.
Fireball
  Collect a random 3x3 block of tiles.
Freeze
  Freezes enemies so they are unable to attack for one turn.
Golden Touch
  Converts all swords to coins.
Greed
  Kills any skulls that are next to a coin. Does not work on special skulls.
Hack
  Replaces a random row with swords.
Haste
  Creates a chain tile, which allows you to match two different tile types.
Heal
  Collect all healing potions.
Last Stand
  Refill health completely if you are killed this turn.
Magic Sword
  Converts one random sword into a magic sword tile, which does 5 times the damage of a regular sword.
Mana Potion
  Turns all potions on the screen into mana potions. Matched mana potions reduce the cooldown on available abilites by the number of mana potions in the chain. These potions can be included in the same chain as health and explosive potions.
Masochism
  Converts all coins to skulls. This ability can create special skulls as well.
Repair
  Collect all shields.
Rune
  If you trace a closed path this turn, collect all tiles inside it.
Scavenge
  Convert all swords to shields.
Shatter
  Detroy all enemies' defense.
Skill Elixir
  Collect all healing potions as XP.
Slash
  Collect a random row of tiles.
Steal
  Attacking enemies gives gold for a single turn.
Teleport
  Replaces the current board with all new tiles with no skulls.
Trap
  All new monsters added to the board that turn are created with 1 HP.
Treasure
  Collect all coins.
Treasure Chamber
  All new tiles added to the board that turn are coins. Does not stack with teleport or the hack & slash combo.
Volley
  Converts all swords to arrows. Arrows can match enemies 1 tile away. Can be included in the same chain as swords.
Wish
  Collects all tiles on the board. This is a single use skill.
